Tutorial videos with description (#562)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/videos/charts.md

> # Taipy Charts to Update Line Types

Reviewer: I don't like this title, I am trying to understand what it means.

Author: Then maybe: "Switching Line Styles with Taipy Charts"

Reviewer 2: The title of the video is "Changing line types using Taipy charts".
That to me is fine (of course I would have dropped the Taipy part).
What about you guys?

Of couse... we're not using Taipy charts to change line types, but we have what we have.

Author: Well yes, "Changing line types using charts" would work as well, from my point.

Reviewer: I prefer this title, yes!

> # Taipy Charts to Update Line Types

Author: ```suggestion
# Changing Line Types Using Charts
```

Make a line chart for your Taipy application. We're using a basic time series dataset with two variables. You can either use your dataset or get it from the Taipy website.

> Charts are visual ways to show and study patterns, trends, and connections in data. Line charts, in particular, show data points connected by straight lines, 
> making it easy to see trends and changes over time. You can change the line styles in charts by adjusting the line properties to create different looks.

Author: ```suggestion
Charts visualize patterns, trends, and data relationships. Line charts connect data points with straight lines for tracking changes over time. Customize line styles in charts by tweaking line properties for various appearances.
```

> To discover more about the Taipy Taipy charts to update line types, click on the tutorial video [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M32xhZP04yo).

Reviewer: Same comment, I have a hard time with how it is formulated

Author: Let's try this: 

Charts visualize patterns, trends, and data relationships. Line charts connect data points with straight lines for tracking changes over time. Customize line styles in charts by tweaking line properties for various appearances.

Reviewer: Fine for me!
